NO-TICKET: add opaque variation (#5)
iadvize/opaque-union-library: README.md

);
```

# Advanced example

> What if any Message should be either `Pending` or `Sent`? This is what is called

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What if a Message should be either `Pending` or `Sent`? This is what is called
```

"variation" in the library.

```typescript
// message.ts

import * as Union from '@iadvize-oss/opaque-union';

const MessageAPI = Union.ofVariations({
  Text: {
    Pending: Union.type<$Text>(),
    Sent: Union.type<$Text>(),
  },
  Image: {
    Pending: Union.type<$Image>(),
    Sent: Union.type<$Image>(),
  },
});

> const pendingTextMessage = MessageAPI.of.Text.Pending({ ... });

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
const pendingTextMessage = MessageAPI.of.Text.Pending;
```

Author: nan nan j'ai besoin de la variable là

```

> Using variations you can model your entities with a table, like below, while

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using variations, you'll be able to model your entities with a table, like below, while
```
